# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.0.19] - 2024-01-13
### Changed

- Changed hsd client from hs-client to hsd; droped hs-client dep
- Set minimum hsd required to v6.0.0

## [0.0.18] - 2022-07-06
### Added

- Added a new command `inspect-auction` that verifies proof files and displays bids

### Changed

- Changed the auction file format to include version and not require a magic string header
- Changed the minimum auction file version to 2
- Changed milliseconds to seconds for locktime to be consistent with hsd
- Changed to verify bids against blockchain time instead of OS clock time

## [0.0.17] - 2021-12-25
### Fixed

- Fixed a bug where locktime was not set correctly when creating proofs

## [0.0.16] - 2021-10-23
### Added

- Added the ability to specify a private key during swap creation

## [0.0.15] - 2021-05-07
### Added

- Added the ability to specify a node API key

## [0.0.14] - 2021-05-07
### Fixed

- Fixed a bug that prevented funding auction transactions with non-coinbase transactions less than `coinbaseMaturity` blocks old

## [0.0.13] - 2021-04-11
### Added

- Added the ability to create external lock addresses. This lets users transfer names directly from exchanges to a ShakeDex locking script

## [0.0.12] - 2021-04-06
### Added

- Added support for paying auction fees

### Fixed

- Fixed a bug where the CLI would still ask for a passphrase even when `--no-passphrase` was specified on the command line.

## [0.0.11] - 2021-03-21
### Added

- Added a new docs site
- Added a `shakedex backup <outFile>` command that backs up the `.shakedex` directory

### Fixed

- Fixed an off-by-one in `linearReductionStrategy`. Closes #16. H/T @brefranz for reporting.

## [0.0.10] - 2021-03-13
### Added

- Added the ability to manage multiple networks at once. Previously, data for names in different networks were commingled in the data store. Now, they exist in their own network-specific subdirectories
- Added a database migration system to allow the database to be upgraded in the future
- Added the ability to publish auctions directly to Shakedex Web from a file on disk

## [0.0.9] - 2021-03-12
### Fixed

- Fixed a bug preventing spend of nonzero-value name covenants

### Added

- Added a CLI step to specify the time interval between bids

## [0.0.8] - 2021-03-09
### Fixed

- Fixed an issue preventing posting to shakedex.com
- Fixed an issue where pending transactions would break the `list-auction`

## [0.0.7] - 2021-03-05
### Fixed

- Fixed an issue where the CLI wasn't asking for passphrases when it should have been.

## [0.0.6] - 2021-02-28
### Added

- Added the ability to cancel name locks.
- Added a confirmation step to auction creation that shows the prices/lock times generated by the auction strategy. Closes [#9](https://github.com/kurumiimari/shakedex/issues/9).

### Changed

- Changed the underlying storage layer substantially.
- Renamed some things, like "fulfillment" to "fill."

## [0.0.5] - 2021-02-20
### Added

- Added automatic uploads to Shakedex Web, a web portal for shakedex swap proofs.

## [0.0.4] - 2021-02-20
### Added

- Added a method to write proof files to a stream in addition to a file.

## [0.0.3] - 2021-02-19
### Added

- Added an option to `Context` to support custom HSD hosts.

## [0.0.2] - 2021-02-13
### Added

- Added a version identifier for swap proofs.
- Added a second version of the swap proof file that reduces the amount of duplicated data.

### Changed

- Changed the locking script to a shorter one. H/T @pinheadmz.
- Swapped out `cli-table` for `cli-table3`. H/T @MarkSchmidty.
- Various documentation tweaks.

### Fixed

- Fixed a `cannot read property 'height' of null` bug in `list-auctions`. H/T @pinheadmz.

## [0.0.1] - 2021-02-06
### Added

- Initial release.
